We will define two variables of the type pthread_t, by the names tid1 and tid2, to store
two thread identifiers. These thread identifiers uniquely represent the threads in the
system. We will invoke the pthread_create function twice to create two threads and
assign their identifiers to the two variables tid1 and tid2, whose addresses are passed to
the pthread_create function.
The two threads are created with the default attributes. We will execute the function
runThread1 to create the first thread, and then the runThread2 function to create the
second thread.
In the runThread1 function, we will display the message Running Thread 1 to indicate
that the first thread was created and is running. In addition, we will invoke a for loop to
display the sequence of numbers from 1 to 5 through the running thread. The sequence of
numbers that are generated by the first thread will be prefixed by Thread 1.
Similarly, in the runThread2 function, we will display the message Running Thread 2 to
inform that the second thread was also created and is running. Again, we will invoke a for
loop to display the sequence of numbers from 1 to 5. To differentiate these numbers from
the ones generated by thread1, these numbers are preceded by the text Thread 2.
We will then invoke the pthread_join method twice and pass our two thread
identifiers, tid1 and tid2, to it. The pthread_join is invoked to make the two threads,
and the main method waits until both of the threads have completed their respective tasks.
When both of the threads are over, that is, when the functions runThread1 and
runThread2 are over, a message saying that Both threads are over will be displayed
in the main function.
